{
    "relation": [
        [
            "Tony Hodgson \u2013 Chairman",
            "Aidan MacDermott \u2013 Secretary",
            "Lorna Gilroy- Treasurer",
            "Peter Riddell \u2013 BC Recreation Manager",
            "Phil Jack \u2013 BC RCA X",
            "Andy Cosgrove \u2013 BC REO"
        ],
        [
            "Tony Fawcett",
            "Ruth Castle",
            "Mike Hodgson",
            "Keith Atkinson",
            "Peter Harrison X",
            "Ian Murray"
        ],
        [
            "Mhairi Kotch X",
            "Alan Caig",
            "",
            "",
            "",
            ""
        ],
        [
            "",
            "",
            "",
            "",
            "",
            ""
        ]
    ],
    "pageTitle": "British Cycling North East",
    "title": "",
    "url": "http://britishcyclingnortheast.org.uk/",
    "hasHeader": true,
    "headerPosition": "FIRST_ROW",
    "tableType": "RELATION",
    "tableNum": 2,
    "s3Link": "common-crawl/crawl-data/CC-MAIN-2015-32/segments/1438042988305.14/warc/CC-MAIN-20150728002308-00166-ip-10-236-191-2.ec2.internal.warc.gz",
    "recordEndOffset": 34289335,
    "recordOffset": 34273364,
    "tableOrientation": "HORIZONTAL",
    "TableContextTimeStampAfterTable": "{40669=Y&JDW 11.5.15.docx, 39723=RDM Report Q4. 11.5.15 .docx, 38592=\u00a38600 to be carried over from 2014 into 2015., 37884=2014 accounts \u2013 levies were received from Manchester and comparing with records, the shortfall in 2013 levies were because they had not been paid at all (nationally or regionally). 23 races not paid and with RCA help \u00a33785 were unpaid of which \u00a3848 were regional. These are all now paid., 38265=2015 \u2013 very little activity, just registration fees and RCA fee., 40118=RM Report 11.5.15.docx, 41404=The board agreed to fund the WG for \u00a32000 with \u00a31000 being released immediately until 2014 accounts are signed off. \u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0ACTION LG, 38410=There is a close eye being kept on 2015 levies and these are called for immediately after each race., 42031=\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 BCNE RCA Report 110515.docx\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 REO 11.05.15.doc, 47721=Places have become available at the North West Go Ride Track Cluster Session at Manchester Velodrome on Sunday 19th July 12pm - 3pm. They still have 6 places\u00a0available for Intermediate and 6 for Advanced group riders, our riders from North East Go Ride clubs are very\u00a0welcome to attend., 50145=The MTB CCT session on the 15th July has been cancelled as no coaches are available this week. The sessions will return next Wednesday at Hamsterley Forest, start time 6.30 pm., 22379=\u00a0Enquiries on these minutes are to be addressed to Aidan McDermott in the first instance and we will be happy to clarify or provide further information. July's minutes will be approved at the next board meeting on 24th August. \u00a0, 44862=AC asked for any comments on the draft regional bye-laws by 1.6.15., 60213=Ten tweets that caught our eye this week from the world of cycling 26 July 2015 102nd Tour de France Stage 21 : Sevres -[\u2026], 42254=LB (RDM) \u2013Prissick \u2013 press release last week and coming out this week. 18.5.15 for opening. Middlesbrough Council want to extend meeting for user group (all clubs) by the end of June 2015 and will include pricing, club time allocation, schedules, launch of a track week. The building work is on schedule. There will be a focus on women/girl sessions with their specific time slots. Watt Cycle are involved and use the facilities and they will be at the user group meeting. We need to ask clubs as to how much use they will put this facility to, so things like school groups, health requirements can all be accommodated. Pricing policy should reflect BC membership, and affordable for people to use regularly., 41041=The donation to workgroup is \u00a31000, not \u00a3100 as stated in his report. This will be used for regional jerseys.}",
    "lastModified": "Fri, 31 Jul 2015 13:21:21 GMT",
    "textBeforeTable": "\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0\u00a0 07811006489 //--> document.getElementById('cloak72071').innerHTML += ''+addy_text72071+'<\\/a>'; var addy_text72071 = 'secretary' + '@' + 'britishcyclingnortheast' + '.' + 'org' + '.' + 'uk'; addy72071 = addy72071 + 'britishcyclingnortheast' + '.' + 'org' + '.' + 'uk'; var addy72071 = 'secretary' + '@'; var path = 'hr' + 'ef' + '='; var prefix = 'ma' + 'il' + 'to'; document.getElementById('cloak72071').innerHTML = ''; // document.getElementById('cloak3514').innerHTML += '' +addy3514+'<\\/a>'; addy3514 = addy3514 + 'britishcyclingnortheast' + '.' + 'org' + '.' + 'uk'; var addy3514 = 'secretary' + '@'; var path = 'hr' + 'ef' + '='; var prefix = 'ma' + 'il' + 'to'; document.getElementById('cloak3514').innerHTML = ''; //",
    "textAfterTable": "\u00a0 Agenda Apologies for Absence: Phil Jack. Peter Harrison. Approval of minutes from previous meeting proposed by Lorna Gilroy and seconded Ian Murray. Unanimously approved. Chairs report given by Tony Hodgson, as distributed. BCNE Chair's Report 070515.docx Finance Report given by Lorna Gilroy. LG handed out the latest account. 2014 accounts \u2013 levies were received from Manchester and comparing with records, the shortfall in 2013 levies were because they had not been paid at all (nationally or regionally). 23 races not paid and with RCA help \u00a33785 were unpaid of which \u00a3848 were regional. These are all now paid. 2015 \u2013 very little activity, just registration fees and RCA fee. There is a close eye being kept on 2015 levies and these are called for immediately after each race. \u00a38600 to be carried over from 2014 into 2015. TH said Lorna and Phil Jack done enormous amount of work. Chris McAtee at Manchester to meet with him and Lorna & Phil Jack to look at accounts. TH clarified that we now have income to use to help",
    "hasKeyColumn": true,
    "keyColumnIndex": 0,
    "headerRowIndex": 0
}